I need some short, clear, readable summaries of the following calculations I've performed in a web app which is calculating equivalent carbon emissions of different activities compared to flying. Please summarise the following. If you could structure it as JSON with the paragraph summary in its own key, calculations in another, sources in another etc. that would be great.

* I've used ONS data (provided via NOMIS) on UK population filtered by those age 11 and above (based on a 2020 ChildWise report that said 90% of children had their own smartphone by age 11), combined with US EPA data on the carbon emissions generated by charging from empty to full to determine what percentage of a given location would need to charge their phones at the same time to generate the same amount of emissions of a given flight.
* I've used the average power requirements of a CFL/LED lightbulb, combined with the average carbon emissions of fossil fuel-derived electricity to calculate how long a lightbulb would have to be left on to generate the same amount of carbon emissions of a given flight. I calculated 162g for a day of constant bulb usage but feel free to fact check me on that and get some sources on all of the data.
* I've used the previously mentioned smartphone charging data and an assumption that most people in the UK will charge their phones once per day to calculate how many years someone would have to charge their phone per day to generate the same amount of carbon emissions of a given flight.
* Using an ONS report from 2021, you can calculate that the average UK commute would be 10km (I'd like you to verify that again too please). Using data that suggests the average UK car efficiency is 7.91 miles per litre, and that 8065g of carbon emissions are generated by a litre of petrol, I've approximated that 1 mile of UK driving is equivalent to 1kg of carbon emissions. If you can check me on that and summarise that would be great.

With all of the above, emphasise that these are approximate figures to help users understand the volume of air travel emissions at a scale they might have more familiarity with.